Andrei Felix 
Organization
Svc Info Developer IV
Profile summary
Experience summary
Andrei has been working with HP/HPE/DXC since 2004, starting out as a virtual reality applications developer, progressing to user experience development, to technical solutions architecture for web and mobile apps. He is currently a technology incubator for DXC Labs, creating solutions around the Emerging Technology space.
Prior to joining the organization, he worked for 3.5 years with Azeus Systems Philippines, a Hong Kong-based IT company, as a systems designer and developer for several web-based projects.

Domain expertise
Technical expertise
Technology/classification 
Additional skills: None
Education background
Professional activities, certifications and trainings
Visa information
Employment history
Project description: kdDouble is a wrapper library for developing Double Robot-based applications using JavaScript.
Responsibilities
Designed and implemented the JavaScript library.
Created and currently maintains a Github site for the library
Created a demo application that uses the library. The demo app showcases a medical industry use case wherein a practitioner can interact with a remote patient using the Double telepresence device, and obtain patient information via augmented reality.

Project description: kdAR is an augmented reality library for easy and rapid development of AR applications for mobile and web using JavaScript.
Responsibilities
Designed and implemented the library.
Created and currently maintains a Github site and webpage for the library.
Created a demo application that uses the library.

Project description: Mobile application for providing relevant information to DXC Commercial Functions department.
Responsibilities
Mobile app solution architecture
Front-end mobile app development and deployment (Android, iOS)

Project description: Microservices-based information aggregation and management app for web and mobile.
Responsibilities
Front-end architecture design and development of the Spokes web application
Architecture design and development of the Spokes mobile application (Android, iOS, Win10).

Project description: Payment application for utilities.
Responsibilities
End-to-end design and implementation of the mobile application demo version for Android.
Implementation of the mobile application production version
Integration with third party payment web service

Project description: Companion app for cruises.
Responsibilities
Implemented Travel Companion module (map-based itinerary assistance)
Implemented Activity Calendar module

Project description: Modernization of various CBA apps.
Responsibilities
UI overhaul of the NetBank Helix mobile app and NetBank web app
Cross-browser implementation of CBA’s Everyday Origination Apply app.

Project description:
HP ExSquare v3.5 social collaboration app
Miss Earth 2012 judging app
CBA Future Bank concept apps
Wizards of the Coast tournament management app
E.On interactive infosite
HP Discover interactive content for BPO/B2B services
Mission Control Center multi-projector display controller
HP Server 3D marketing app
In-Flight Entertainment app
Responsibilities
Technical design and development of above applications

Project description:
Retail Ecosystem – 3D visualization of a multi-tiered ecosystem
digiDecorator – interactive home furnishing visualization app
SalesDash – sales data visualization
Virtual Store – store simulation with real-time product and store layout editing
Responsibilities
Creation of a reusable 3D navigation and interactivity framework
Technical design and development of above-mentioned 3D applications

Project description: Data-gathering bot script in the ActiveWorlds environment.
Responsibilities
Development of the bot script and an Excel macro for post-processing the gathered data

Project description: Feasibility research for mobile learning.
Responsibilities
Evaluated the adoption of mobile technology in delivering education services
Collaborated with various mobile technology vendors to assess their solutions and possible models of engagement
Evaluated mobile learning from a feasibility, complexity, and profitability standpoint

Project description: Data visualization of geographic data using Google Maps.
Responsibilities
Designed and developed the interactive map-based geographic information system

Project description: Content and mutual funds management system.
Responsibilities
Designed and developed the entire system

Project description: Web-based application that facilitates intuitive visual analysis of data within a 3D virtual store environment.
Responsibilities
Technical design and development of the Data Visualization solution

Project description: End-to-end product lifecycle visualization from packaging, shelf space management, store layout, and shopper research.
Responsibilities
Designed and developed VirtualViews Pack Tool, a component of the VirtualViews solution that caters to 3D visualization of product packaging
Designed and developed VirtualViews Shopper Research solution, another component of the VirtualViews suite that is used for market research of customer behavior in simulated supermarket scenarios
Managed end-to-end delivery of virtual assets for use with VirtualViews

Project description: Various information management websites:
Trade Mark Law Reform E-Filing system (Intellectual Property Department)
Enhanced System for Telecommunications Data Access and Retrieval (HK Police Force)
Counterparty Management Information System (HK Housing Authority)
Construction Design and Cost Library (HK Housing Authority)
Integrated Project Management System (HK Highways Department)
Responsibilities
Designed and developed various modules for the above web applications

Project description: Mobile banking app
Responsibilities
Implemented the WAP/WML interface for various South China Trade banking transactions


